.. _users:

User needs
##########

Our users
=========

* :ref:`Service managers <service-managers>` are responsible for all aspects of their service
* :ref:`Developers <developers>` build services for government departments and agencies
* :ref:`Ministers and senior civil servants <ministers-senior-civil-servants>` have an overview of many services within their department or agency
* :ref:`Members of the public <public>` use the services government provides

.. _service-managers:

As a service manager…
=====================

**Why should I get a dashboard?**

* I need **all my data in one place**, so I don’t waste time visiting multiple data sources.
* I need to **get a dashboard showing the KPIs for my service** so my service passes the service assessment.
* I need to **know what additional data my dashboard can show and how much work is required**, so I can decide if I want toshow more than just the 4 KPIs and schedule the work (including procurement if necessary).
* I need to know the **feature roadmap** for the performance platform so I know how long I’ll have to wait for  particular features, and if I should make alternative plans.

**Basic measurements**

* I need to know the **cost per transaction** for my service so I can reduce it (how?)
* I need to know the **digital take-up** for my service so I can increase it.
* I need to know the **user satisfaction** for my service so I can increase it.
* I need to know the **completion rate, completion time, and what steps have high drop-off rates** so I can examine those steps, increase completion rate and decrease the time users take to complete my service.
* I need to see **how many people are using my service and how they use it (online, phone etc)**, so I can plan the right amount of staff and resources.
* I need to know **what error messages users see most often** so I can reduce or eliminate those errors.
* I need to know **what help messages users view most often** so I can improve how my service is explained and increase completion rate.
* I need to know **how long users have to wait** (to speak to someone in person or on the phone, to have their application processed) so I can act to reduce waiting times, including bringing in temporary staff if necessary.
* I need to see **what users complain about** so I can eliminate problems which cause complaints.

**Dashboard features**

* I need to add **annotations** to my dashboard so I can identify and explain interesting events and fluctuations.
* I need to **download data** generated by my service so I can analyse it in ways the performance platform doesn’t support.
* I want to receive an **email** when something important is happening on my service so I don’t have to continually check my dashboard.
* I need my **dashboard available publicly on the internet** so I can easily share data with colleagues and stakeholders.

**Trends, projections and data analysis**

* I need **see how my service data compares to other government services** so I can determine if my service is performing well or badly.
* I need to **compare this year’s volumetrics to last year’s** so I can see if my volume has increased or decreased and investigate if necessary.
* I need to **see a projection of future volume** based on previous year's volumetrics so I can act to handle that volume.
* I need to be able to **compare data from one week or month to another** (user satisfaction, completion rate, completion time, page load time, uptime) so I can see if a recent software release has had a positive or negative impact.
* I need to see the **historical trend and future projection for digital take-up** (with a confidence interval) so I can decide whether to take a new approach to increasing digital take-up, or if my current approach is adequate.
* I need my dashboard to **take normal fluctuations into account** so I can see if a fluctuation is within the typical range for my service or if I need to take action.
* I need to **use data to make recommendations to other parts of the service (eg policy)** so I can create the best experience for my users.

.. _developers:

As a developer…
===============

* I need to know the **page load time** of my service so I can see if my code needs optimising.
* I need to know the **uptime** of my service so I can see investigate outages and improve the reliability of my code.
* I need to know what **browsers and devices** people use to access my service so I can decide which ones to continue supporting.

.. _ministers-senior-civil-servants:

As a minister or senior civil servant…
======================================

* I need to **compare the total volume** for the services I’m responsible for so I can decide which services to improve first, based on how many people will see the improved service.
* I need to **compare the cost per transaction, digital take-up and total cost** for the services I’m responsible for so I can decide which services to improve first, based on the where it’ll be easiest to reduce costs.
* I need to **compare the completion rate** for the services I’m responsible for so I can decide which services to improve first, based on potential for user experience improvements.
* I need to **compare the completion rate** for the services I’m responsible for so I can decide which services to improve first, based on potential for user experience improvements.

.. _public:

As a member of the public…
==========================

* I need to **know how long it will take to get my licence/tax disc/benefits** so I know when I need to call up and ask what is going on.
* I need to **know how long a transaction will take to complete (including any offline steps)** so I can decide whether I have time to do it right now.
* I need a clear **link to the service** so I can easily visit it.
* I need to **know if a service is currently offline** so I don’t get confused when it doesn’t work.
* I need to **know when I can expect a service which is currently offline to be restored**, so I know when to try again.
